well Zuna is a sanskrit word that means
to thrive to grow and to prosper and
that's really what we're all about here
helping people thrive giving them the
tools to thrive and that's what yoga is
about that's what it's always been about
most of us in the Western world have
been introduced to yoga and probably
also practice yoga mainly as physical a
form of exercise but the asanas the
poses are very important
you know the body is a vessel that will
carry us through hopefully a long and
healthy life so we do have to maintain
it and we do need to feed it and keep it
healthy but the asana the poses are very
small part of this grand or recipe for
beautiful living we need to understand
the anatomy and the biomechanics of the
body and how energy moves through the
body but that's really just the
beginning and at our teacher training
program we show you a whole other
treasure trove of techniques that you
can use to complete this recipe
not just the poses there's so many other
things that will lead you to this life
of fulfillment to be a more powerful
person
yoga if you trace it back to its ancient
roots has always been a science of
better living and it can be hard really
to wade through all of this ancient
scripture and to extract what we need in
our modern lives to be healthy and happy
that's always been the message of yoga
is how to live powerfully in the world
how to be healthy how to live joyfully
how to till have a beautiful life really
and that is the message that we impart
at Zuni yoga we show you how yoga works
why it works and not just in the sense
of ancient techniques but applying those
to modern life and understanding them
through the lens of modern science and
that includes medicine that includes
neuroscience includes psychology that
includes anatomy physiology biochemistry
the whole package of how this human
machine and this mind work and how we
can use these ancient techniques to live
powerfully in the world modern science
is just beginning to understand them and
get on the same page
yeah Zuni yoga really focuses on how
focuses on the breath which was
something that I took away that was very
very beneficial and I find to be one of
the most important things that I did
learn because the breath is the life
force the breath helps us to reveal who
we are inside and who we are on our mat
and without the breath you know we
wouldn't be here we cease to exist so
the emphasis on that breath is priceless
and so important
for me I came to yoga also from the
physical perspective my first yoga class
was in a gym power yoga just really
biceps and abs for me I wasn't
interested in connecting with God I
wasn't interested in the spiritual side
of it or developing that part of myself
it was just shut off so I approached
yoga initially extremely physically
until you know much later it was a few
years ago when I was introduced to the
Zuni yoga method which really is has its
roots in Tantra and is a form of hatha
yoga where we really cultivate energies
of the body and move it in a specific
way to have a very specific result and
that combined with techniques of
pranayama meditation band mudra really
with a lot of focus on breath work has
completely changed the way I see the
world
that sounds like an overstatement but
it's really not
again yoga is not just a form of
exercise it really does touch everything
about who you are and changes you in a
very positive way
this program is not just for people who
want to learn how to teach yoga they
will also be served
certainly we give people loads of
excellent teaching techniques and
practice so that it can really hit the
ground running as soon as they complete
the teacher training program people
start teaching really the next week
literally they are very well prepared to
start their careers teachers
I didn't know if I wanted to be a
teacher when I first came but once I
went through the program and the feeling
that I get while I am teaching
completely amazed by the transformation
of one student from day to day and
seeing them them grow and them change is
something that really sits deep inside
me the way that Zuni yoga has really
changed my life overall outside the
immediate benefits that you're going to
get between strengthening your body
strengthening your mind was to really
bring about sense of balance I didn't
have before my passions were pretty
often burning me out and I was having
trouble finding that that's you know
that equality between life and work it
was usually just me making things in
every way I could possibly and there
wasn't you know a whole lot of solid
living going on during that time even
though it seemed like it
since quitting my job and coming to Bali
and start my own design studio remotely
I'm actually getting up you know hours
earlier than I did in my past life which
I never thought would be the case
hitting the mat at sunrise and it's
really just paving the way for the rest
of the day and what I found is through
the yoga and the meditation is you're
gonna be much more present throughout
your day when you're more present you're
really tasty and feeling and breathing
the world around you you're no longer
kind of lost in your own thoughts and
distracted thinking about the next thing
you're gonna do you're actually there
this program is for people of all ages
of all professions from all over the
world who are interested in living more
powerfully and authentically
you